doc(setting): eventual danger zone setting update (#858)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.0/deploy/important-notes/index.md

  - [Pod Security Policies Disabled \& Pod Security Admission Introduction](#pod-security-policies-disabled--pod-security-admission-introduction)
  - [Updating CSI Snapshot CRD `v1beta1` to `v1`, `v1beta1` Removed](#updating-csi-snapshot-crd-v1beta1-to-v1-v1beta1-removed)
  - [Engine Upgrade Enforcement](#engine-upgrade-enforcement)

>   - [Support Eventual Danger Zone Setting Update](#support-eventual-danger-zone-setting-update)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Danger Zone Setting Configuration](#support-eventual-danger-zone-setting-update)
```

Author: Modified. Thanks.

Once you successfully upgrade to version v1.6.0, you will be able to view information about engine image versions on the UI.

> ### Support Eventual Danger Zone Setting Update
> 
> Since Longhorn v1.6.0, Longhorn allows users to customize the danger zone settings except for disabling the v1/v2 data engine when Longhorn volumes are attached.
> 
> - Users can customize the danger zone settings when volumes are attached, and the instance manager pods will be restarted eventually by no engine and replica instances running. The customized setting will be applied to other system-managed components until all volumes are detached, and it might need to wait an hour to apply the settings to system-managed components, or users need to reset the setting by themselves when all volumes are detached.
> - The v1 data engine can only be disabled when all v1 data engine volumes are detached. If v1 data engine volumes are attached and try to disable the v1 data engine, the operation will be rejected. Similarly, users can disable the v2 data engine when all v2 data engine volumes are detached, even if there are v1 data engine volumes attached.
> 
> We recommend that users detach all volumes before customizing the danger zone settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Danger Zone Setting Configuration

Starting with Longhorn v1.6.0, Longhorn allows you to customize the [Danger Zone settings](https://longhorn.io/docs/1.6.0/references/settings/#danger-zone) (except for the settings that disable the V1 and V2 Data Engines) when volumes are attached.

- You can configure the Danger Zone settings when volumes are attached. However, the Instance Manager pods are restarted only when no engine and replica instances are running, and the new settings are not applied to other system-managed components until all volumes are detached. Applying the new settings to system-managed components takes up to an hour.

- You can disable the data engines only when all corresponding volumes are detached. For example, you can disable the V2 Data Engine only when all V2 volumes are detached (even when V1 volumes are still attached). 

> **Tip:**
> For best results, detach all volumes before configuring the Danger Zone settings.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks.

Once you successfully upgrade to version v1.6.0, you will be able to view information about engine image versions on the UI.

### Danger Zone Setting Configuration

Starting with Longhorn v1.6.0, Longhorn allows you to customize the [Danger Zone settings](https://longhorn.io/docs/1.6.0/references/settings/#danger-zone) (except for the settings that disable the V1 and V2 Data Engines) when volumes are attached.

> - For settings on the following table, when all volumes are detached, the setting will be applied immediately, and system-managed components will get restarted. Otherwise, the setting will not be applied until all volumes are detached during the next setting sync-up time. So, you might be required to configure this setting again to apply it immediately when all volumes are finally detached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When all volumes are detached, the settings in the following table are immediately applied and the system-managed components are restarted. If you do not detach all volumes before the settings are synced, the settings are not applied and you might need to reconfigure the settings after detaching the remaining volumes.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks.

>   | Name | Detail Information|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | Setting | Additional Information |
```

Author: Modified. Thanks.

Once you successfully upgrade to version v1.6.0, you will be able to view information about engine image versions on the UI.

> ### Danger Zone Setting Configuration

Reviewer 2: I suggest you can highlight the feature and its advantage first, describe the conditions and so on... 

For example

Starting with Longhorn v1.6.0, Longhorn allows you to update danger zone settings immediately, eliminating the need to wait for all volumes to detach. This enhancement is designed to provide users with more flexibility and efficiency in managing their configurations. One of the following conditions that must be met for the immediate effect to occur:

- No Attached Volumes: If there are no volumes attached, the setting change will take effect immediately.
- Engine Image Upgrade (Volume Live Upgrade): During a volume live upgrade, which involves creating a new instance manager pod, the setting change will take effect immediately for the new pod.

If immediate effect conditions aren't met, the setting change is reconciled hourly, taking effect when all volumes detach.

....

Author: Modified with the suggestion. Thanks.

Once you successfully upgrade to version v1.6.0, you will be able to view information about engine image versions on the UI.

> ### Danger Zone Setting Configuration

Reviewer 2: BTW, also suggest adding the paragraphs in https://longhorn.io/docs/1.6.0/references/settings/#danger-zone. Thank you.

Author: Added. Thanks.

Reviewer 2: The table and some paragraphs are missing.

Author: Added the tables and other paragraphs. Thanks

Starting with Longhorn v1.6.0, Longhorn allows you to promptly update the [Danger Zone settings](https://longhorn.io/docs/1.6.0/references/settings/#danger-zone) without the need to wait for all volumes detached. This enhancement is designed to provide users with more flexibility and efficiency in managing their configurations. To achieve the immediate effect, one of the following conditions must be met:

- No Attached Volumes: If there are no volumes attached, the setting change will take effect immediately.
- Engine Image Upgrade (Volume Live Upgrade): During a volume live upgrade, which involves creating a new instance manager pod, the setting change will take effect immediately for the new pod.

> If immediate effect conditions aren't met, the setting change is reconciled hourly, taking effect when all volumes are detached.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the immediate effect conditions are not met, the setting change is reconciled hourly, taking effect when all volumes are detached.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks

> - When all volumes are detached, the settings in the following table are immediately applied and the system-managed components are restarted. If you do not detach all volumes before the settings are synchronized, the settings are not applied immediately as mentioned above and you might need to reconfigure the settings after detaching the remaining volumes; otherwise, you can wait for the setting change to be reconciled in an hour.

Reviewer 2: > If you do not detach all volumes before the settings are synchronized, the settings are not applied immediately, as mentioned above, and you might need to reconfigure the settings after detaching the remaining volumes. Otherwise, you can wait for the setting change to be reconciled in an hour.

Try to understand the case you mentioned

- Some v1 volumes are attached
- User updates the guaranteed cpu setting. The change cannot immediately take effect
- User detaches all v1 volumes
- What will happen? Which one is correct?
   - The change immediately take effect
   - User needs to wait for the reconciliation in one hour

Author: Usually second one, User needs to wait for the reconciliation in an hour.
It is for system-managed components except the Instance Manager.
The Instance Manager will be restarted when volumes are all detached.

> - When all volumes are detached, the settings in the following table are immediately applied and the system-managed components including engine-image, instance-manager, longhorn-csi-plugin, csi-attacher, csi-provisioner, csi-resizer, and csi-snapshotter. are restarted. If you do not detach all volumes before the settings are synchronized, the settings are not applied immediately as mentioned above and you might need to reconfigure the settings after detaching the remaining volumes; otherwise, you can wait for the setting change to be reconciled in an hour.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When all volumes are detached, the settings in the following table are immediately applied and the system-managed components including engine-image, instance-manager, longhorn-csi-plugin, csi-attacher, csi-provisioner, csi-resizer, and csi-snapshotter. are restarted. If you do not detach all volumes before the settings are synchronized, the settings are not applied immediately as mentioned above and you might need to reconfigure the settings after detaching the remaining volumes; otherwise, you can wait for the setting change to be reconciled in an hour.
```

Author: Updated, removed the `-`. Thanks

>   The table contains the links for more details about the Danger zone setting and the components that the setting will restart when the setting is updated without Longhorn volumes attached.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The table contains links for more details about the Danger Zone settings and the components that will restart when the setting is updated without Longhorn volumes attached.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks

    | [Priority Class](../../references/settings/#priority-class) | [Priority Class](../../advanced-resources/deploy/priority-class/) | System-managed components |
    | [System Managed Components Node Selector](../../references/settings/#system-managed-components-node-selector) | [Node Selector](../../advanced-resources/deploy/node-selector/) | System-managed components |
    | [Storage Network](../../references/settings/#storage-network) | [Storage Network](../../advanced-resources/deploy/storage-network/) | Instance Manager and Backing Image components |
    | [V1 Data Engine](../../references/settings/#v1-data-engine) || Instance Manager component |
    | [V2 Data Engine](../../references/settings/#v2-data-engine) | [V2 Data Engine (Preview Feature)](../../v2-data-engine/) | Instance Manager component |
    | [Guaranteed Instance Manager CPU](../../references/settings/#guaranteed-instance-manager-cpu) || Instance Manager component |
    | [Guaranteed Instance Manager CPU for V2 Data Engine](../../references/settings/#guaranteed-instance-manager-cpu-for-v2-data-engine) || Instance Manager component |

> - You can disable the data engines only when all corresponding volumes are detached. For example, you can disable the V2 Data Engine only when all V2 volumes are detached (even when V1 volumes are still attached).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For V1 and V2 Data Engine settings, you can disable the Data Engines only when all associated volumes are detached. For example, you can disable the V2 Data Engine only when all V2 volumes are detached (even when V1 volumes are still attached).
```

Author: Updated. Thanks

> - For V1 and V2 Data Engine settings, you can disable the Data Engines only when all associated volumes are detached. For example, you can disable the V2 Data Engine only when all V2 volumes are detached (even when V1 volumes are still attached).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For V1 and V2 Data Engine settings, you can disable the Data Engines only when all associated volumes are detached. For example, you can disable the V2 Data Engine only when all V2 volumes are detached (even when V1 volumes are still attached).
```

Author: Updated, removed the `-`. Thanks

Once you successfully upgrade to version v1.6.0, you will be able to view information about engine image versions on the UI.

### Danger Zone Setting Configuration

> Starting with Longhorn v1.6.0, Longhorn allows you to promptly update the [Danger Zone settings](https://longhorn.io/docs/1.6.0/references/settings/#danger-zone) without the need to wait for all volumes detached. This enhancement is designed to provide users with more flexibility and efficiency in managing their configurations. To achieve the immediate effect, one of the following conditions must be met:
> 
> - No Attached Volumes: If there are no volumes attached, the setting change will take effect immediately.
> - Engine Image Upgrade (Volume Live Upgrade): During a volume live upgrade, which involves creating a new instance manager pod, the setting change will take effect immediately for the new pod.
> 
> If the immediate effect conditions are not met, the setting change is reconciled hourly, taking effect when all volumes are detached.
> 
> When all volumes are detached, the settings in the following table are immediately applied and the system-managed components (e.g, Instance manager, Engine image, CSI driver, etc.) are restarted. If you do not detach all volumes before the settings are synchronized, the settings are not applied immediately as mentioned above and you need to reconfigure the settings after detaching the remaining volumes; otherwise, you can wait for the setting change to be reconciled in an hour.
> 
> The table contains links for more details about the Danger Zone settings and the components that will be restarted when the setting is updated without Longhorn volumes attached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Longhorn v1.6.0, Longhorn allows you to modify the [Danger Zone settings](https://longhorn.io/docs/1.6.0/references/settings/#danger-zone) without the need to wait for all volumes to become detached. Your preferred settings are immediately applied in the following scenarios:

- No attached volumes: When no volumes are attached before the settings are configured, the setting changes are immediately applied.
- Engine image upgrade (live upgrade): During a live upgrade, which involves creating a new Instance Manager pod, the setting changes are immediately applied to the new pod.

Settings are synchronized hourly. When all volumes are detached, the settings in the following table are immediately applied and the system-managed components (for example, Instance Manager, CSI Driver, and engine images) are restarted. If you do not detach all volumes before the settings are synchronized, the settings are not applied and you must reconfigure the same settings after detaching the remaining volumes.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks

Once you successfully upgrade to version v1.6.0, you will be able to view information about engine image versions on the UI.

### Danger Zone Setting Configuration

Starting with Longhorn v1.6.0, Longhorn allows you to promptly update the [Danger Zone settings](https://longhorn.io/docs/1.6.0/references/settings/#danger-zone) without the need to wait for all volumes detached. This enhancement is designed to provide users with more flexibility and efficiency in managing their configurations. To achieve the immediate effect, one of the following conditions must be met:

- No Attached Volumes: If there are no volumes attached, the setting change will take effect immediately.
- Engine Image Upgrade (Volume Live Upgrade): During a volume live upgrade, which involves creating a new instance manager pod, the setting change will take effect immediately for the new pod.

If immediate effect conditions aren't met, the setting change is reconciled hourly, taking effect when all volumes are detached.

> **Tip:**

> > For best results, detach all volumes before configuring the Danger Zone settings.

Reviewer 2: The `Tip` seems redundant, because we already mentioned it in the above conditions.

Author: Removed. Thanks

> - When all volumes are detached, the settings in the following table are immediately applied and the system-managed components are restarted. If you do not detach all volumes before the settings are synced, the settings are not applied and you might need to reconfigure the settings after detaching the remaining volumes.

Reviewer 2: > If you do not detach all volumes before the settings are synced, the settings are not applied and you might need to reconfigure the settings after detaching the remaining volumes.

Can you elaborate more on the statement? Why do users need to reconfigure the settings?

Author: Modified. Thanks

  | [Priority Class](../../references/settings/#priority-class) | [Priority Class](../../advanced-resources/deploy/priority-class/) | System-managed components |
  | [System Managed Components Node Selector](../../references/settings/#system-managed-components-node-selector) | [Node Selector](../../advanced-resources/deploy/node-selector/) | System-managed components |
  | [Storage Network](../../references/settings/#storage-network) | [Storage Network](../../advanced-resources/deploy/storage-network/) | Instance Manager and Backing Image components |
  | [V1 Data Engine](../../references/settings/#v1-data-engine) || Instance Manager component |
  | [V2 Data Engine](../../references/settings/#v2-data-engine) | [V2 Data Engine (Preview Feature)](../../v2-data-engine/) | Instance Manager component |
  | [Guaranteed Instance Manager CPU](../../references/settings/#guaranteed-instance-manager-cpu) || Instance Manager component |
  | [Guaranteed Instance Manager CPU for V2 Data Engine](../../references/settings/#guaranteed-instance-manager-cpu-for-v2-data-engine) || Instance Manager component |

> 

Reviewer 2: Suggest adding a sentence before the table and tell readers the purpose of the table.

Author: Added a sentence before the table and tell readers the purpose of the table.
Thanks.
